Error Code	Error Text	Encounter Situation	Likely Cause
2	Network Error	Encountered when entering a gym that was previously error'ed out of, also encountered when u/tjauth was attempting to catch Raikou here	Not yet conclusive, seems like a general error from varying accounts
3	Something went wrong, Please try again	u/spookyspagetti failed to buy pokecoins; confirmed by u/constituent	Confirmed: Transaction failed (either buying Pokecoins or exchanging ingame items with coins)
10	No Internet connectivity	When phone has no service. Retested by turning on airplane mode.	Confirmed: Phone has no service
11	GPS signal not found	When the game failed to locate GPS signal, also confirmed by u/blueseeka	Confirmed: Game has no GPS signal
12	Failed to detect location	u/SatisfiedCircuits: Location tracking is accurate but error persist, also seen at places where game is not available (i.e. geo-fenced locations)	Not yet conclusive
22	Error	u/discovolante: Getting kicked out of gym battle when a raid starts, or trying to feed berry to a Pokemon that no longer exist	There seems to be 2 root causes, not yet conclusive what this means
23	Error	u/mangeetg got this error when there was a disconnection during Pokemon power-up. As a result, there was a mismatch in stardust and Pokemon CP. Resolved itself after catching another pokemon	Likely caused by server error when powering up, requires confirmation
25	Error	I clicked on a Pokemon that was already caught by my Go+, meaning that the Pokemon no longer exist; confirmed by u/Joj185	Confirmed: Wild pokemon that user clicked on no longer exists (de-spawned or already caught via Go+)
26	Error	according to u/Dragyen, caused by server lag, getting kicked out of gym and lag when clicking nearby pokemon	Could be due to server lag, requires further confirmation; u/kkbitten got this when turning off bluetooth, causing an error out on gym; u/RJFerret encountered this when catching a Pokemon
29	Error	When I error'ed out of a gym battle mid way and the game probably thought I was still battling it. Confirmed by a number of people on this thread that this is caused by leaving a gym battle voluntarily or involuntarily then trying to re-enter when game thinks you are still battling	Confirmed: Caused by game thinking that you are still battling gym. Should be resolved by waiting 10 minutes
30	Error	u/kerfuffle7 got this error in between pokemon during gym battle	Not yet conclusive
31	Error	u/LotteryD encountered this error when trying to place a Pokemon in a recently neutralised gym. After the error, gym turned into an opposing team's colour	Failed to place Pokemon in Gym
32	Error	u/ChaosMajora got this error due when trying to spin a Gym when moving	Could be caused by GPS drift, but not conclusive
33	Error	u/spookyspagetti failed to join a raid and received this erro when "Go" was seen. Rejoining the raid provides the same error; u/simchajra mentioned that this error was encountered when attempting to join raid with a non-auto time on the phone. Error disappeared when clock was set back to automatic, also confirmed by u/Kie723 that error is caused by game sync issues due to time settings	Confirmed: Time-sync issues. Try resolving this by changing your phone clock to automatic